Sage’s Hollow is a small hamlet of a village with roughly 50-60 residents. Sage’s Hollow began 70 years prior, when the being known to you as the Sage descended upon the land nestled at the foot of the mountains, where a small community lived. The Sage worked miracles on the villagers and gained their trust and faith.

After 108 days, the Sage retreated into the mountain’s cave. Before so, the Sage named a small group of those they saw fit to follow their will. These are the Chosen. The Chosen are not rulers, but stewards of the Sage’s Will. Their primary and most sacred duty is to ensure that every villager who passes is given the gift of the stone, ensuring their soul continues to live in the Sage's embrace. Other tasks include hearing community requests and allocating community resources.
## Outside
Sage’s Hollow neighbors many interesting locations within the shared ecosystem. The forests contain many wondrous creatures and beings. Some notable areas are the following:
- Cofgod (COVE-god), a Mushroom village occupied by mysterious gnome-like beings with blue hats.
- The lighthouse beyond the shore that blinks its light in a peculiar pattern. It is unreachable by swimming or boat.
- A mountain pass that leads outside the valley, but gives off unsettling vibes whenever a villager approaches.
## Sage’s Cairn
This large stone marks where the Sage first descended upon the hollow. This “cairn” of sorts does not follow the normal phenomena/structure of a pile of stones, but rather a monument embedded with stones. Each stone represents a life devoted to the Sage in their passing. There are 106 stones embedded currently.  A new stone is added to the cairn during the funeral rites for a villager who passes. 
## Village Hall
The Village Hall is a building at the far north end of the village built from the base of the mountain and extended out. This is where the Chosen live and work. This building consists of the main meeting room/audience hall, but a mysterious veil covers the cave behind, a place that you have never seen before. Various supplies are kept here whether they be medicinal herbs/mixtures, extra blankets and pillows, extra cookware. 
## The Farm & Fields
In between the butcher and the bakery are the food sources for the village. The fields produce a variety of grains, lentils, legumes, and vegetables. The fields raise sheep and goats, making it a great source of wool and milk, and a decent source of meat. The food sources generated by this are incredibly successful and healthy (This would be considered a “blue zone” if it was on Earth). The harvest each year is more than plentiful to support the entire village and the farm animals, which makes the village a suitable place to take in travelers for their rest.
## The Bakery
The bakery is located near the entrance of the village near the river and fields on the south end. This location makes it a bit more isolated from the general populace of the village, but is commonly visited because it has the village’s one and only communal oven.
## Sick-House
The Sick-House is where people are placed to be quarantined from the rest of the village. 

This house is put aside a ways away from the butcher, baker, food sources. Some medical supplies are kept here. 
## The Butcher
The butcher of the village is Varn, a large, hairy, and jovial bear of a man. He has short black hair and a bushy beard on his face, and essentially fur on his arms. The building is located right next to the shepherd's building with his goats and sheep, and the Sage's cave into the mountain. This is on the north side of the village.

Varn, to the villagers, is an incredibly diligent and skilled butcher who is able to clean and refine his cuts to a great degree. Some may even find his expertise to be at an obsessive level.**